c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
